[Music]
only a genius can solve these seven
riddles in two minutes logic puzzles are
good for people of all ages because they
give our minds a chance to limber up
we prepared seven brain teasers to test
your wits and attentiveness can you
solve each of them in 15 seconds if so
then you can consider yourself a genius
by the way we are we couldn't get the
last one number one which symbol should
replace the question mark
answer options are on the yellow
background in the lower row I'll give
you 15 seconds to think ready there the
correct answer would be the first figure
all the given figures represent numbers
with their mirror images attached if you
grasp the essence of the puzzle you'll
have no difficulty calculating the sum
of one and three number two how can you
divide this shade into four equal parts
15 seconds are all yours
[Music]
time is up the task here is actually not
so hard it's just that the figures are a
little non-standard
number three find the wrong dice whoo
this looks tricky
well 15 seconds be enough to solve it I
hope so already there there are no dice
with seven dots here it is in case you
didn't find it number four how much does
the egg cost the egg and the chicken
combined cost one hundred and eight
coins the chicken is one hundred coins
more expensive than the egg how much
does the egg cost it seems you need to
turn on your math skill you have 15
seconds to figure it out ready go
have you managed to find an answer here
it is the egg cost for coins and the
chicken 104 coins
number five find an a among the force oh
my eyes I can only see the force where
is the letter A here are 15 seconds to
find it who is it easy and that for me
and here's the answer if you didn't spot
the letter here it is going to hate that
[Music]
number six which number should replace
the question mark answer options are in
the lower row this one is really hard to
solve so I guess you'll need twenty
seconds to figure it out okay here you
go
[Music]
the correct answer is 10 since the
difference between the adjacent numbers
increases by one with every next number
the difference between 7 & 5 is 2
between 8 & 5 is 3 and so on therefore
the difference between 3 and the next
number should be 7 number 7 find
spongebob among the minions where is it
hey Bob where are you you have 15
seconds to show yourself
[Music]
are you ready kids I can't hear you I'm
SpongeBob SquarePants is in the top
right corner looking up at you hi Bob
here you are so have you managed to
solve these riddles share your results
in the comments don't forget to share
this video with your friends let them
test their intelligence as well hit the
like button below the video and click
subscribe to join us on the bright side
of life
[Music]